docs: bluetooth: mesh: Add documentation for models shell commands (#7111)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth_services/mesh/gen_dtt_cli.rst

The client can be used to set up the server's default transition time behavior when changing states in other models on the same element.

Extended models
***************

None.

Persistent storage
******************

None.

Shell commands
**************

> The Bluetooth mesh shell subsystem provides set of commands to interract with the Generic DTT Client model instantiated on a device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bluetooth mesh shell subsystem provides a set of commands to interact with the Generic DTT Client model instantiated on a device.
```

Same for other places

> To make these commands available, enable :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_SHELL` and :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_SHELL_DTT_CLI`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To make these commands available, enable the Kconfig options :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_SHELL` and :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_SHELL_DTT_CLI`.
```
Or like suggested in the gen_battery_cli.rst.

> ``mdl_dtt instance get-all``

Reviewer 2: Remove highlighting and replace h4 with h3. Or are we considering using a definition list instead?

Author: Replaced with definition list.

----------------------------

	Print all instances of the Generic Default Transition Time Client model on the device.

``mdl_dtt instance set <elem_idx>``
-----------------------------------

> 	Select the Generic Default Transition Time Client model instantiated on the specified element id. This instance will be used in message sending. If no model instance was selected, the first model instance found on the device will be used by default.
> 
> 	* ``elem_idx``: Element index where to find the model instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	Select the Generic Default Transition Time Client model instantiated on the specified element ID.
	This instance will be used in message sending.
	If no model instance is selected, the first model instance found on the device will be used by default.

	* ``elem_idx``: Element index where the model instance is found.
```
